layout: post
title:  "Welcome to Infinite Gaijin"
date:   2014-08-05 19:07:45
categories: infinite gaijin updates
---

Welcome to Infinite Gaijin. 

So, I'm sure you're wondering, 'What in the world is Infinite Gaijin, and what do you mean by "Asia from an American's Perspective?"' 
Well, I'll tell you.
Infinite Gaijin is a sort of travel blog, photography blog, videography blog mashup. 
My job allows me to travel all over the Pacific, visiting places like the Phillipines, Australia, Hong Kong, and Korea. I'm mainly stuck in Japan, so the majority of content on the blog will be about the wonderful country I currently call home. Since I'm here, I'd like to take the chance to share my experiences with others that also enjoy Asia. It has always been my dream to live and work in Japan, and now I'm doing exactly what I dreamed of. 

"What will you write about?" 
Who knows. One day, it could be about driving in Japan, the next, Personal experiences from the Phillipines. It's a toss up, and I don't want to get stuck in one category! 
I'll be sure to include photos, video (when able), and more.

On the home page (and over on that side bar right over there to your left, look on the left, just look.), you'll find links to the YouTube, Twitter, and Flickr, so you can access all the Infinite Gaijin content specific to it's media format.

I hope you'll enjoy the blog and all the content that will come with it. In the meantime, I'm going to work on getting the site transferred to my owned domain name, purchased especially for this blog, infinitegaijin.moe.

Happy travels,

m1